Kainos has a finance and legal
teams review draft and
current regulatory and
legislative requirements,
including, for example, MiFID
Itand GDPR and provides an
impact assessment for the
products and services that
we deliver to customers.

Kainos’ internal processes
and systems are monitored
with a view to ensuring
compliance with applicable
laws and regulations.

Kainos have processes in
place designed to ensure
awareness of regulatory
requirements and that the
relevant information is
appropriately disseminated.
There are well established
training and awareness
activities.

In relation to bribery and
corruption, Kainos have an
established ABC poli

